finally out in the field again on a new
place today this is the first thing I
got so hopefully there'll be more
that's a nice little sand tiger right
there
there's two in the same view in there
ping-mei go been sitting on the sunroom
long time but that's a whole nice one
nice makeup there that's been in here
there oh yeah complete to sweet there's
a Mako hiding under that little stick
right there that's pretty tooth - look
at that peeking out from under that leaf
right there looks like another big sharp
tooth oh the roots all ate up on that
one eaten I'm sorry for my grammar but
that's a big tooth good spot this is
starting to get unreal real quick do
this this spots awesome all the stuff
I'm looking on it's been all spread out
but I just found a piece of formation
right here that has not been all mixed
together not what it looks like
phone just fell out of it anyway that's
what it looks like before it gets all
mixed together I love that stuff I wish
it was all that but hey I'll take what I
can get right couple mice teeth down
here
Angus Titan broken one I know it's
incomplete but it's a cool pedestal shot
anyway
Angus Titan look at that that could be
another mag tooth let's just see yep
sure is
oh yeah Angus Titan let's see
wash it off yeah that's a big one pretty
cool
there's a nice things didin
looks like an Angus Todd's just sticking
out right there oh yeah boot cuffs tip
little banged up on the roof it's still
a pretty one
oh my gosh what does that look like to
you
one root lobe and another root lobe oh
boy come on please please please please
oh baby look at this oh man
that's the nicest Meg I found in a long
time well let's go wash this thing off
see what it looks like look at those
colors heck yeah
oh man pretty great oh boy
that's going to be gorgeous when it
dries yeah it looks like this is a
pretty good spot I found I think I'm
gonna have to keep looking around cool
all right here's everything I found so
obviously the best one is going to be
this Megalodon look at the colors that
thing dried with really really pretty
best meg I've found in a long time
alright let's see what else we got here
that's a nice little Mako so retro
flexus and I've got this makeup right
here this is a really nice one it's a
hostile list and this one's a hostile is
too and then here's a pair of totus not
the best one ever but it's mostly
complete so I'll count it I'm gonna add
some more pieces parts over there
nothing too exciting at that horse to
the top right there anyway that's pretty
good hunt right there glad you're able
to join me see you next time